Restructure/expand mc idp ldap reference pages (#959)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-idp-ldap-policy-entities.rst

         :class: copyable

         mc [GLOBALFLAGS] idp ldap policy entities                       \
                                          ALIAS                          \
                                          [--user `value`, -u `value`]   \
                                          [--group `value`, -g `value`]  \
                                          [--policy value]

      - Replace ``ALIAS`` with the :ref:`alias <alias>` of a MinIO deployment to configure for AD/LDAP integration.
      - You may use each of the ``--user``, ``--group``, and/or ``--policy`` flags as many times as desired in the command.
      - For each flag, the output lists the entities mapped to the specified policy, user, or group.
      - Omit all flags to return a list of mappings for all policies.

      .. include:: /includes/common-minio-mc.rst
         :start-after: start-minio-syntax
         :end-before: end-minio-syntax

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

.. mc-cmd:: ALIAS
   :required:

   The :ref:`alias <alias>` of the MinIO deployment for which to display the entity mappings.

   For example:

   .. code-block:: none

      mc idp ldap policy entities myminio

Example
~~~~~~~

> The following example attaches two policies, ``policy1`` and ``policy2``, to the ``projectb`` group on the ``myminio`` deployment:

Reviewer: This command doesn't attach policies. It just lists them.
```suggestion
The following example lists the entities mapped to each of two policies, ``policy1`` and ``policy2`` and entities mapped to the ``projectb`` group on the ``myminio`` deployment:
```

Author: Oops. Yup a few remaining paste fails. Thank you!
